i don't have hallucinations every day  thankfully um i have them like  at least three to four times a week  though they're like  a girl voice a boy voice um they're  angry voices like screaming and yelling  at me  they're  just  very hard to explain they're  screaming  sometimes it's whispering  a lot of times it's helicopters  um sometimes it's footsteps  like running up the stairs or running  around um  and a lot of times i don't know what's  real and what's not and so many people  have been like what if it's the  paranormal what if you're like hearing  ghosts and hearing paranormal activity  it's not that like i i've experienced  paranormal activity before and i feel  like i would know the difference so i  definitely would know  what the paranormal would be and it's  definitely not that so i've experienced  that before myself i have a lot of  paranormal  activity stories that i've experienced  before in my life  and it's not that and then my medication  does help out a lot thankfully  um so yeah it's my antipsychotic i'm one  hall doll i'm on hall doll the hall doll  i haven't really noticed much from the  hall doll  um  in the beginning i was very groggy  very tired  just like very out of it i guess  the fda would never approve how long  today  given the serious harm it can do to the  brain  it's interesting how the fda will ban a  drug immediately if it causes tragic  birth defects such as thalidomide  but not if a drug is destructive  to the brain tissue  of a disabled adult  patient  i'm on hall doll  so that's very very helpful  now i'm used to it  but in the beginning of antipsychotics  you're just very out of it and very  tired so yeah that's a big thing  um but antipsychotics are strong haldol  is a very strong antipsychotic and i'm  on a very strong  dosage of it so  so yeah  um you got to get used to it and now i'm  used to it so i don't really notice side  effects from it but in the beginning of  antipsychotics  you're just very out of it and very  tired so yeah that's a big thing  um but antipsychotics are strong haldol  is a very strong antipsychotic and i'm  on a very strong  dosage of it and now i'm used to it so i  don't really notice side effects from it  but in the beginning i was very very  tired from it i started having my  hallucinations about  three  years ago or so  and they're auditory hallucinations so  that means i hear them and  um  they're like outside voices  they're not my voice in my head  everyone's always like well is it your  voice it's not my voice it's  um  outside voices it i used to be really  scared of it and just terrified of it  but now i'm not as scared and not as  like worried about it and  it's not as  terrifying as it used to be now i'm on  the mcdole hal doll topamax and  minipress and the mectol is a mood  stabilizer  topamax is a mood stabilizer hal doll is  an antipsychotic and minutepress is for  ptsd  and nightmares at night time though if i  if brian like falls asleep before me and  then i'm hearing like whispering  and like stuff like that  i do get kind of scared because  i don't know i do just get freaked out  because i'm like what is that but it's  my hallucinations so those are the  medications that i'm on and what they're  for so  the side effects let's just jump on into  that and  for me  the side effects  for  lamingto  is hair loss it makes me kind of groggy  and like numb  and  tired  and i honestly i don't like it but  i and it's funny because  my doctor had me on 200 milligrams like  a couple months ago and i stopped taking  it which you should never stop taking  your medications like just stopping cold  turkey  but i did  and then um i recently just talked to  him like a few days ago and he was like  okay well we need to get you back on it  so now i'm back on it so i'm always like  to brian i'm like did you hear that i'm  like was that real or was that me you  know  um  and i'll be like  do you hear that helicopter and brian's  like there's no helicopters  um so he'll tell me like no it's your  hallucinate you're hallucinating it's  not a helicopter  outside and then the topamax side  effects of that is hair loss  in the beginning um  like you can't think straight you  literally can't even talk like a normal  person  you can't speak i would literally be  talking gibberish  and  i if there's a word for it i can't  remember the word but you literally  can't even have a normal conversation  i'm on hall doll  um  so that's very very helpful nothing  really helps it's just  kind of there you know you kind of just  have to like let it ride and let it just  go with the flow and just  do its thing because  that's just the way it is unfortunately  but yeah  that's just the way it is unfortunately  but  i don't know  [Music]  what's up guys welcome back to my  channel and today i wanted to talk to  you guys about a new diagnosis that my  doctor just diagnosed me with so we all  know that i have  um  psychosis and i deal with auditory  hallucinations  and i've been struggling with this for a  few years now  and  yeah i've been really struggling with it  the past few weeks  and i've been having command  hallucinations the past few weeks  command hallucinations so they'll tell  you what to do  so they'll  either tell you to hurt yourself  self-harm  tell you to  do something  like for example  they'll tell you to hurt yourself  they'll tell you for example they'll  tell me to like turn on the faucet or  tell me to  just tell me to do stuff so that was  concerning for my doctor  and  um  yeah so my doctor did diagnose me with  schizoaffective disorder  which  i'll just redo the definition  uh it's a mental health  in condition including schizophrenia  schizophrenia and a mood disorder  symptom  it's a combination of symptoms of  schizophrenia and a mood disorder such  as depression or bipolar disorder the  fda would never approve held all today  given the serious harm it can do to the  brain  it's interesting how the fda will ban a  drug immediately if it causes tragic  birth defects such as thalidomide  but not if a drug is destructive to the  brain tissue  of a disabled adult  patient  [Music]  maybe we can we can practice  yes